right here okay it's recording so hi
everyone welcome to the bi-weekly
dynamic data and capabilities working
group meeting today I'm going to ask
everyone if they have it all ready to
fill in the crypt bat for the progress
and attendees is anyone volunteering to
be the note-taker today I can take
someone okay thank you
and I will start like so - I'm here
besides Brad so we're joined by the year
so everyone also can add items to the
agenda if they want have items discussed
they can add throughout the meeting if
they want to so let's start with the
rounds of interest and updates so first
well it's p.m. on the first on the list
so quick intro so I Pedro I am captain
of the FS I work for a missile engineer
for portable apps and whatever I
accomplished in the last meeting
so I traded the scale an effort RC which
kind of describes the effort behind so
I'm going to share my screen
so the skip your pad effort is something
that we're trying to accomplish like a
very brave goal to have like two
concurrent users using the same pad for
DNA of July and so here are all the
blockers that people have for making
that happen
together with that we have a protocol
for discoverability and replication so
if you're interested in this I suggest
that you take a look and if you're in
photography that's already different
input but I appreciate that everyone
else that has could have some input on
this and in that regard I created I
started a few star app which is I
haven't provided the first player like
that which which is to make gossip
protocol scalable and heavily it's based
on on a persistent hash ring so
persistent a shrink sorry where the
underlined discovery protocol finds the
peers and instead of connecting directly
to them as a gift as us it only connects
to the substance of those peers
depending on the position on that ring
so I'll also have a demo about that if
you have time and for me that's that's
it I don't have any blockers right now
not immediate posters for the next two
weeks so let's proceed here next one in
the list is Veracruz yeah I'm right here
so I'm I'm andreas my handle is a
bizarro you know etc so I've been
working on on doing Edison's White's
application
but before that of course we need some
kind of identity and authentication
solution and I've been I've been working
on that on the past few weeks or two
weeks and as part of those network I've
made a problem statement which
essentially describes the problem that
we are having and how do we attempt to
solve it and we actually made an
identity and notification RFC so if
anyone can comment on that will be
awesome
so that's that's the things that I've
concluded and in progress I've been
working on the data model behind the RFC
Identity Manager we should we propose
and actually I'm also working on the on
a proof of concept of identity manager
so that it it can be demonstrated how it
works in an application in that in an
application all its user application or
its centralized application in terms of
being works I'm I'm very willing to get
some feedback on the RFC
I know that fitzy aware the comment on
that it was great and also I think we
need to agree if we should spend time
developing the Identity Manager or or if
we proceed with an ER doc solution for
the authentication part of business
relies applications and I'm looking for
and also to have a meeting with the
important to discuss all of these
subjects to get also their feedback and
that's that's it next in the list is
much II not sure I'm pronouncing that
correctly watch earlier my name is
pronounced Marche much but I think I
think you're pronouncing is correct so I
was working on making pure edge run with
diverse protocol I also made the demo
for that
and currently I'm still rewriting
the renewals protocol JavaScript client
because that is kind of a mess right now
and I'm also working on integrating we
run according to ipfs or the p2p
depending on where it should be
I will continue with those tasks as my
next tasks and I currently don't have
any buckles thank you my if that's also
part of the efforts much is helping out
part of the effort of scaling view path
and so integrating the wonderful support
of follow the protocol into jeaious
version of a BFS so thank you for that
as well you're next
hello everyone I'm Lu Shuang I can
handle this one such 15 in the past two
weeks I've been working with Andre and
Pedro on I did the identity manager so
you're sorry identity based solution so
I don't know anything sir since wet what
under incense we have been working on
the RFC being developed I mean under has
actually developed some wireframes just
about the application should look and
now we are working on defining the
requirements for any approval concepts
to demo in the next call probably so
yeah let's see it Thanks okay thank you
well next thing is carnage carnage yep
so I hope this works because my
connection is very bad keep the video
Walt Johnny here for the first time just
to get a little bit more familiar with
the FFTs ecosystem and see where we
could potentially help mainly on maybe
one because it topologies and my
jaundice cavity steps some people that
work in our team they are broads right
now so the only one here I will be
always staying quiet and trying to learn
a little bit from the meeting okay okay
Carlos thank you thank you for coming so
Carlos is what the black oh no this is
one of the main researchers behind T's
and one of the co-authors correct me if
I'm wrong the seminal paper on charities
his presence is fair yet appreciated and
also your key is collagen input cool so
let's see who's next fritzy
Nathan yep
so I'm working on the libraries
surrounding the rewrite of Pierre pad
for for the demo of this summer
any case so I'm working on the the login
flow for using close to what you guys
are doing for the RFC in fact I'm
getting it closer and closer to your RFC
and I'll have a demo of it next week for
this meeting of using pure identity and
a basic attempt at a state student login
registration service but it won't have
that identity manager PWA that you guys
are but you guys are proofing but you
might find some of the building blocks
there will be useful if you guys want to
use it there's no in pure identity so
and just managing dudes and managing
public and private keys and stuff like
that so in any case that's me right
Thank You Nathan
right so I think it's demo time
so the first one on my list is sleep I'm
going to share my screen now again it's
a very uninteresting demo which is just
nice to see this
omocha test that runs a few tests this
is a very simple test but now I'm going
to spawn a swarm I'm some spotting a
very small swarm right now with ten you
know I'm keeping count up on connections
so that's to understand the fan out of
on a topology so I'm throttling a lot of
things here I'm throwing the
resetting the connections when the ring
changes I'm flooding also understanding
whatever is interested in the
application or not I think it's a bit
fast now but I'm putting all all the
events but you can see that if the
number is very low instead of going to
nine up on connections on each one of
the peers and all of the tests here is
that a maximum of six per peer on one
connection it's being made and sometimes
you get a fairly good distribution of
inbound connections depending on the
formation of the wave which depends on
the tid which depends on on random s
but so far I've been getting good
results and the final test is that
everyone gets one gossip message which
is hello world so to prove that the
gossip topology is is well connected and
so that's the first step in that's the
first step in making this gossip
topology a bit more scalable and the
initial version of the topology of the
podgy algorithm was proposed by the
fates and conversations and it's been
refined and as I said is a subject in
GRC so if you guys want to take a look
edit the code or even GRC please do more
than just come in now so I think there
is another demo here yes but here is
your pad which one is the protocol I'm
sorry go so wait let me share my screen
[Music]
so can everybody see my screen yes yep
now it's not working perfect we'll have
to move this around instead so this demo
basically shows that peer pad or what
you ready voice protocol works so first
I'm going to create a new pad and it
creates I give as note there is no p2p
WebSocket star address and after the
peer gets created introduced us to a
channel
and it comes on after universe our you
can see that it connected now and
registered yeah um the channel name is
basically the hashed read key so the
keys hash so the reverse or cannot
access the patch after that it tries to
the scallop yes now I will open this pad
in this tab and it should also connect
to the remote server in a second and
then I should be able to Z changes from
here in here it takes a while to
discover but I will work on making it
faster too now that both tears are
connected to title has changed and just
proves that what I have created works so
that was basically the whole demo
anybody has questions
thank you much I that's great
awesome maybe perhaps explaining what
what they do is one of the protocol is
for people that are not can you do that
and so the reverse protocol is basically
a way to discover services using renew
vows servers or basically to discover
other peers that have certain services
using namespaces which I did with using
a specific namespace for a specific pet
and the difference to WebSocket star is
basically that it's not using a fixed
server and is no longer using socket IO
it's now able to switch between servers
or years module at the same time and
that's the improvement the dismay tree
aside from the fact that it not only
discover spears interested in a certain
pet thank you very great
so the part of the demo that I did where
you had to it discover whether certain
team was interested or not in that
application in order to decide whether
to add into the trail and to Adam to the
de set of peers but I'm a connect to is
the scalability of that is solved by by
the rendezvous
protocol itself which is great it's not
another piece on that cold case is being
solved by I'm watching thank you for
that who so right now now you have time
for questions does anyone have a
question I have one question regarding
the last demo so what what is the
difference between or what does definite
no protocol souls that the typical
observe that a professor already has
doesn't solve and I'm sorry for my
knowledge not not know not be
knowledgeable about all these subjects
it's okay so it solves the problem of
knowing which topics appear is
interested in without connecting to the
peer because otherwise the overhead
would be too high and if the side would
connect every peer that would take too
long and so the centralized or semi
centralized solution solves that and
rain and the rain satisfies again okay
cool thank you not you any other
questions
exactly public service discovery
listen well put any other question no
all right so meeting adjourned I guess
I'll see you on the internet or and or
in 15 days bye bye thank you for joining
[Music]